prog: array_casts.o array_const_prop.o arrayref_elision.o binary_read.o bitwidth_narrow.o scan.o gram.o build_ddcf.o code_motion.o collect_decls.o const_fold_tree.o const_fold.o convert_concat_masked.o copy_graph.o cse.o ddcf_consistency.o ddcf.o ddcf2dfg.o dead_code.o deftab.o duped_inputs.o error.o flow.o full_unroll.o func_inline.o identities.o intlist.o lookup_tables.o loop_fuse.o main.o num_converions.o scoping.o show_ddcf.o show_tree.o size_prop_down.o size_prop_up.o size_propagation.o strength_reduction.o switch_const.o symtab.o tree.o type_pass1.o type_pass2.o type_pass3.o type_unify.o window_tile.o window_to_elegen.o lex.yy.o gram.tab.o scan.o gram.o
	gcc -o prog array_casts.o array_const_prop.o arrayref_elision.o binary_read.o bitwidth_narrow.o build_ddcf.o code_motion.o collect_decls.o const_fold_tree.o const_fold.o convert_concat_masked.o copy_graph.o cse.o ddcf_consistency.o ddcf.o ddcf2dfg.o dead_code.o deftab.o duped_inputs.o error.o flow.o full_unroll.o func_inline.o identities.o intlist.o lookup_tables.o loop_fuse.o main.o num_converions.o scoping.o show_ddcf.o show_tree.o size_prop_down.o size_prop_up.o size_propagation.o strength_reduction.o switch_const.o symtab.o tree.o type_pass1.o type_pass2.o type_pass3.o type_unify.o window_tile.o window_to_elegen.o lex.yy.o gram.tab.o

lex.yy.o: lex.yy.c
	cc -c -g lex.yy.c
lex.yy.c: scan.l gram.tab.h
	flex scan.l
gram.tab.o: gram.tab.c
	cc -c -g gram.tab.c
gram.tab.c: gram.y
	bison gram.y
gram.tab.h: gram.y
	bison -d gram.y
scan.o: scan.c lex.yy.c gram.tab.h
	gcc -c scan.c
gram.o: gram.c gram.tab.c gram.tab.h
	gcc -c gram.c
array_casts.o: array_casts.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c array_casts.c
array_const_prop.o: array_const_prop.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c array_const_prop.c
arrayref_elision.o: arrayref_elision.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c arrayref_elision.c
binary_read.o: binary_read.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c binary_read.c
bitwidth_narrow.o: bitwidth_narrow.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c bitwidth_narrow.c
build_ddcf.o: build_ddcf.c
	gcc -c build_ddcf.c
code_motion.o: code_motion.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c code_motion.c
collect_decls.o: collect_decls.c sassy.h error.h node.h deftab.h
	gcc -c collect_decls.c
const_fold_tree.o: const_fold_tree.c sassy.h deftab.h error.h node.h
	gcc -c const_fold_tree.c
const_fold.o: const_fold.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c const_fold.c
convert_concat_masked.o:convert_concat_masked.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c convert_concat_masked.c
copy_graph.o: copy_graph.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c copy_graph.c
cse.o: cse.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c cse.c
ddcf_consistency.o: ddcf_consistency.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c ddcf_consistency.c
ddcf.o: ddcf.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c ddcf.c
ddcf2dfg.o: ddcf2dfg.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c ddcf2dfg.c
dead_code.o: dead_code.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c dead_code.c
deftab.o: deftab.c sassy.h deftab.h error.h node.h
	gcc -c deftab.c
duped_inputs.o: duped_inputs.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c duped_inputs.c
error.o: error.c sassy.h node.h error.h
	gcc -c error.c
flow.o: flow.c sassy.h deftab.h error.h node.h
	gcc -c flow.c
full_unroll.o: full_unroll.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c full_unroll.c
func_inline.o: func_inline.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c func_inline.c
identities.o: identities.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c identities.c
intlist.o: intlist.c sassy.h error.h
	gcc -c intlist.c
lookup_tables.o: lookup_tables.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c lookup_tables.c
loop_fuse.o: loop_fuse.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c loop_fuse.c
main.o: main.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h deftab.h node.h
	gcc -c main.c
num_converions.o: num_converions.c sassy.h
	gcc -c num_converions.c
scoping.o: scoping.c sassy.h error.h deftab.h node.h
	gcc -c scoping.c
show_ddcf.o: show_ddcf.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c show_ddcf.c
show_tree.o: show_tree.c sassy.h node.h
	gcc -c show_tree.c
size_prop_down.o: size_prop_down.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c size_prop_down.c
size_prop_up.o: size_prop_up.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c size_prop_up.c
size_propagation.o: size_propagation.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c size_propagation.c
strength_reduction.o: strength_reduction.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c strength_reduction.c
switch_const.o: switch_const.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c switch_const.c
symtab.o: symtab.c sassy.h error.h
	gcc -c symtab.c
tree.o: tree.c sassy.h node.h error.h
	gcc -c tree.c
type_pass1.o: type_pass1.c sassy.h deftab.h node.h error.h
	gcc -c type_pass1.c
type_pass2.o: type_pass2.c sassy.h deftab.h node.h error.h
	gcc -c type_pass2.c
type_pass3.o: type_pass3.c sassy.h node.h deftab.h error.h
	gcc -c type_pass3.c
type_unify.o: type_unify.c sassy.h deftab.h error.h node.h
	gcc -c type_unify.c
window_tile.o: window_tile.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c window_tile.c
window_to_elegen.o: window_to_elegen.c sassy.h ddcf.h error.h
	gcc -c window_to_elegen.c

clean:
	rm -rf *o prog
	rm lex.yy.c gram.tab.h gram.tab.c gram.c scan.c

